1. I was able to register and submit the profile as a doctor locally and haven't tested in prod. I think oauth is not working in localhost we need to check. 
2. When I edit doctors as admin, it asks for photo URL? How do i provide this? 
3. If we allow pic upload feature for doc, how do we manage image files? 
4. Admin password need to be changed.
5. We need a feature to delete data if doctor wants their information to remove
6. We also need a feature as an admin to flag user comment for inappropiate language or need a way to filter those comments as users type in. 
   We need to let users know that they have to civil and comment in that manner instead of showing anger or defamaming rehetoric. 
7. If there's any data policy that we have to follow then we will list that along side our policy section. 
8. When registration gets submitted, what happens? Who receives it? And how the review process work?
9. WE need to enforce this strongly: 
    Registration
        You must provide accurate and complete information when creating an account
        You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account
        You must be at least 16 years old to use this Platform
        One person may not maintain multiple accounts
    Account Security
        Keep your password confidential
        Notify us immediately of any unauthorized access
        You are responsible for all activities under your account
10. Review Guidelines
    When posting reviews, you agree to:

    Share only your genuine personal experience
    Be honest, fair, and respectful
    Not post false, misleading, or defamatory content
    Not include personal medical information
    Not use offensive, abusive, or discriminatory language
    Not promote or advertise products or services
    Not violate any laws or third-party rights
    Content Ownership
    You retain ownership of content you post
    By posting, you grant RankSewa a non-exclusive, worldwide license to use, display, and distribute your content
    We may edit or remove Content

11. While registering we will put this terms and condition link and have user click accept before submitting or submit button will not be enabled. 
12. We will list this email on the footer:  legal@ranksewa.com , support@ranksewa.com

